DM-52119: Release notes for v29_2_0 (#362)
lsst/pipelines_lsst_io: releases/tickets/v29_2_0.rst

.. _release-v29-2-0-tickets:

###################################
Tickets Addressed in Release 29.2.0
###################################

> - :jira:`DM-38772`: PSF models in ExposureCatalogs leak memory. [afw, astshim, cpputils, daf_base, gbdes, geom, ip_diffim, ip_isr, jointcal, meas\_algorithms, meas\_astrom, meas\_base, meas\_deblender, meas_extensions\_photometryKron, meas\_extensions_psfex, meas\_extensions_simpleShape, meas\_extensions_trailedSources, meas\_modelfit, shapelet, sphgeom]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :jira:`DM-38772`: PSF models in ``Exposure`` and ``ExposureCatalog`` objects leak memory. [afw, astshim, cpputils, daf_base, gbdes, geom, ip_diffim, ip_isr, jointcal, meas\_algorithms, meas\_astrom, meas\_base, meas\_deblender, meas_extensions\_photometryKron, meas\_extensions_psfex, meas\_extensions_simpleShape, meas\_extensions_trailedSources, meas\_modelfit, shapelet, sphgeom]
```
(`Exposure` is actually where the more user-visible problem is.)
